Plotting Decision Space
==============
This JAVA program was designed to allow the exploration of the behavior of decision space graphs based on the Condorcet tally method. The program allows a user to input a graph as an adjacency matrix. Votes for each node are specified along with the edges. The knowledge depth can be specified, so that an initial tally can be done. The tally button computes the winning node (or nodes) of the graph that is displayed. The distances button presents a table that indicates the distances between every pair of nodes. This lets a user see which nodes are within the knowledge depth of other nodes. Graphs with between 2 and 32 vertices can be analyzed by the program. A random directed or undirected graph can be generated by the program. This is particularly useful for attempting to understand how decision space is related to the graph. Because it is tedious to specify a graph as an adjacency matrix, the program can load graphs that it has saved. 

Only a subsection of decision space can be plotted on a two dimension plane. The program allows the user to select which two nodes to alter along the x and y axes of the plots. A plot range is specified for each axis. Knowledge depth can be changed to see what effect it has on the decision space. There is a toggle to plot the “phase” instead of the tally winners. Because knowledge depth is restricted, it is possible that there is not a total ordering of the options. In this case, the phase plot shows all the options that beat the same number of other options. Lastly, graphs, images of graphs, and images of plots can be saved to disk. Images are saved in PNG (Portable Network Graphic) format. If there are multiple winners, they are plotted as a dithered pattern of dots of each of the winners colors.

To learn more about the inspiration for this work, you can read Professor Whitman Richards Anigrafs Book which you can find more about on his website http://people.csail.mit.edu/whit/
